>> Brian Holt: So I just wanna put some
general thoughts on AI before I know all
of you are gonna have all these
questions about what I think about AI.
So I've been doing development for
professionally but
I've been paid to be around tech for
about 15 years and then you can say about
10 years before that I was
thinking about and working on it.
All this to say is I've been
around databases and tech for
a very, very long time and
I've seen a lot of fads come and go.
There was the JavaScript framework wars,
and there was blockchain and
all these other things that some of
them ended up being really important.
React ended up being one of
the things that was really important.
And then other things like some of the
blockchain stuff became less important and
less emphasized as time went on, right?
I don't think AI is a fad.
I mean, I think if you're here or
listening to this,
you probably somewhat agree with that.
I think some people are thinking that like
that the trade of software dev is gonna go
away overnight.
And I don't think that's true.
I do think that people that adopt AI and
AI techniques are going to do
better than people that, perhaps,
have more experience or
would be able to hand code things better.
I watch some of my engineers
just at databricks and
what they can do with cursor.
We have a site license for Cursor and
they are just churning out good
code at just an unbelievable pace.
Something that I just wouldn't have been
able to match when I was at Netflix or
something like that.
And it's just because they're really good
at finding the balance of writing their
own code and
writing really good prompts, and
then inspecting what the LLM is
putting out, and then feeding that
code into another LLM for judging it,
and all these kind of things.
They're doing pretty advanced techniques.
It's much more than just like
this broken help fix please,
which is what I do when I head
to my AI coding agents, right?
I do think we're in for a lot of change.
And I think the people that
embrace the change and
learn how to harness the change
will do really well.
And I think the people that
just fight it tooth and nail,
they're just not gonna go as fast, right?
It's gonna reflect on their opportunities.
I think we're gonna continue
seeing a Cambrian explosion of
progress in AI tools.
I don't think it's gonna be the same
sort of progress you've already seen.
Cuz basically what they've been doing for
a while now is throwing more training data
and more compute at all these different
LLMs to train them to do better,
different things.
And we're kind of got to the end
of the Internet [LAUGH].
These LLMs have now just seen the Internet
and we don't get new Internet at a very
quick pace, particularly new
Internet that's not generated by AI,
which is just kind of
the LLMs feeding themselves.
So it's all gonna come down to
new techniques that we innovate,
new ways of using LLMs.
Those are kinda gonna be
the ways of progress forward.
So it's gonna be rather than just
LLMs getting smarter and bigger and
faster as we've seen them, we're gonna
see them be using different techniques,
using less tokens, being more
efficient here, coming in the future.
This is one thing I did wanna emphasize,
I think I say it twice in here.
I should tell you that I am
somewhat serious about it.
Regardless of if you wrote it or your AI
agent wrote it, you are responsible for
all code that you ship.
And if I ever hear from any of you
that like, my agent wrote that, I'm
not responsible for that, I'm just gonna
throw you out, we're on the 36th floor.
I'm just gonna throw you one of
the windows here, right, absolutely not,
right, you are responsible for
everything that you ship.
The best coding people or
the developers that I work with
take personal responsibility for
everything they ship, regardless of
whether an agent wrote it or not, right?
If it's less important code, it's okay
to have a cursory glance at it, but
if it's important stuff that you're
shipping and while it works and
it compiles,
I'm just gonna open my pull request.
That's the wrong way about going
about using all these tools.
I wanted to just spend
a moment on the word agent and
agentic cuz it's the biggest,
hottest buzzword.
And you'll notice that I'm kind of
interchanging the words LLMs and agents,
which is not totally accurate, but
it's also what people are doing.
So the first thing is that it is
a marketing term that is not well defined,
which means that marketing companies
are just going hog wild with it and
applying it to everything, which is why
I'm just using the word agent everywhere
when I really actually just mean LLM.
It's because that's what
everyone's marketing is doing.
And so it's kinda just burned
into my brain that way.
The idea with an agent is it's some
autonomous framework of a network of LLMs
that just you give it a task and then
it'll apply one LLM to do something and
then it'll pass that to another LLM and
then you'll have all these
various different, basically many
brains working on the same problem.
That's the intention of the word agent,
right?
Just to take for example replit,
which is a coding agent.
It's a very cool product,
if you have not played with it,
definitely go give it a shot.
Powered by neon and databricks,
that's why I'm a big fan.
If you give them like, hey, generate
me a to do app that has multiple users.
It'll give it to a engineer LLM that
will then pass it off to a product
manager LLM that they'll pass
it off to a designer LLM.
And it has actually many Personas in
every part of its little agent framework,
that then it gets planned out by
the product manager, it gets passed to
the designer which makes a mock up for it,
which then gets passed to the engineer.
And then there's a judge
LLM at the end that says,
does this fulfill what the user asked?
And then there's a DevOps,
one that'll help you deploy it and
manage your database and
all these kind of different things, right?
That is really the core of what
an agent is intended to be.
But then marketing got a hold of it.
It's like anything that has AI
applied to it is now agentic, right,
because that's such a hot word right now.
So, I just put this in here
because I was confusing myself.
I was like, how am I defining
agent throughout this course?
And so, I kinda wanted to just write
it down to make sure that we're all on
the same page of what an agent is.
This is the intent of what the word is.
But I probably will somewhat use it
interchangeably with the word LLM, for
which I future apologize and
also cannot stop myself.
I left several of these here.
I actually got to work on app build.
This one's free and open source.
It's actually meant to be a reference
architecture for one of these agents.
So if you're curious about this,
just pop on over to GitHub.
You can see, look, there's my little face.
I did some docs,
don't be too impressed [LAUGH].
But you can actually see here, we
actually outline here of how we built it,
how you do it.
It's meant to be a reference
architecture for one of these.
Yeah, maybe I'll come back
one of these days and
do a complete intro to making agents.
That would be fun.
But here's a bunch, I left them here.
Replit, v0, Create, which is now
create anything they rebranded,
Same.new Databutton, all very cool stuff.
>> Brian Holt: We'll be using
some coding IDE agents, so
you would call cursor an agent.
Probably you would call the agent mode
of VS code an agent as well, right,
because they're essentially LLMs that
have this iteration loop, right,
that's really the crux of
what an agent is meant to be.